https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-8880 (#5935)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: troubleshooting/trouble_observability.adoc

observatoria.core.observatorium.io
----

> . If you create your own storageClass for a Bare Metal cluster, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.14/html-single/storage/index#persistent-storage-using-nfs[Persistent storage using NFS].

Reviewer: I think like most of the doc, we shoul d be pointing to 4.12, remember PM focus to link to 4.12 as what is known -- only Hypershift links to later.

Author: Updated

> . If you create your own storageClass for a Bare Metal cluster, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.14/html-single/storage/index#persistent-storage-using-nfs[Persistent storage using NFS].

Reviewer 2: ACM 2.9 was tested on OCP 4.12. However, we can link to OCP 4.14 from the HyperShift docs. I have to find that convo, I forget if you were on PTO when this was discussed. 

```suggestion
. If you create your own storageClass for a Bare Metal cluster, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html-single/storage/index#persistent-storage-using-nfs[Persistent storage using NFS].
```

> . To ensure that the observability component can find the default storageClass, update the `storageClass` parameter in the `multicluster-observability-operator` CRD. Your parameter might resemble the following value:

Reviewer 2: Will you also update the "CRD" instance. Change to custom resource definition
```suggestion
. To ensure that the observability component can find the default storageClass, update the `storageClass` parameter in the `multicluster-observability-operator` custom resource definition. Your parameter might resemble the following value:
```
